Explain the differences in using shebang vs scala-cli directly in script (#1740)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/shebang.md

---
title: Shebang
sidebar_position: 30
---

This command is equivalent to `run`, but it changes the way Scala CLI parses arguments in order to be
compatible with shebang scripts.

> Normally, inputs and `scala-cli` options can be mixed. Program arguments have to be specified after `--`

Reviewer: It is not completely obvious what the differences between inputs, options and arguments are. I think it would be worth defining them better.

Also, since the `shebang` command is valid in the `scala` runner, it would be better to use “Scala runner” instead of `scala-cli` I think.

Author: I added a short explanation of the differences between inputs, options, and arguments.

I think we should do a migration from `scala-cli` to `scala` in another PR. It could be confusing if only one doc page points to `scala`.

```bash ignore
scala-cli [command] [scala_cli_options | input]... -- [program_arguments]...
```

> For the shebang command, only a single input file can be set. All Scala CLI options must be set before

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the `shebang` command, only a single input can be set. All Scala CLI options must be set before
```

> the input file, and program arguments must be set after the input file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the input, while everything after the input is considered a program argument.
```

```bash ignore
scala-cli shebang [scala_cli_options]... input [program_arguments]...
```

> More details in the [Shebang guide](../guides/shebang).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
More details can be found in [the Shebang guide](../guides/shebang).
```
